I talked about pattern matching(comparing), anticipation and desire.
these are born out of thinking. or we can say it is thinking.
and thinking comes after thoughts.
thoughts are memories triggered by the object you are interacting with.(fun fact, you don't try to recall memory because you are bored, because you are bored and you are thinking a about a specific memory where you were not bored(you compare your boredom with the situations where you were not bored) So, if you think you are recalling something, you are wrong, when you try to recall, its because the conection of your memory to the object is weakend and you force your mind to recall. but this recalling process is natural, you should be the master of it not otherwise. Ok coming back to the topic.

Thinking: Fit this into you brain, thinking comes after the thought triggers and it can happen in a minute second that you might miss and see that thinking exist saperately its not. see for yourself. 

## First and formost thing that thinking is that it translates.
you have a dry thought and you feel it.(I am feeling thristy)
You watch yourself in the mirror and you look at your teeth, memory trigger that you are brushing(I should brush my teeth)
The water is cold, its hot outside, My stomach is hurting. Oh my god why i am thinking so much. I hate fever. Gosh, she is beautiful. Oh my god, I won the lottery. I am bad at kissing. and many thousand sentenses are there in our daily life.

What is under these sentenses. When you say, the sun is hot. What sun is hot feels like. When you say, the water is cold, wht cold water feels like. are the sentences has made you life dull that you can recall what hot sun feels kike, what soft wind touching you face feel like . What the buzzing of bees feel like. what the kiss taste like.
Thinking is language, and language is stopping us to experience the real life because the process that is needed for our survival, interfiere in the parts of living where its not needed.
When you are with your friend and you say to him, the sun is hot today.
and when you are alone hanging wet cloths in the wet sun, you again say, the sun is hot. Why. who are you saying it to. Because you do this, you miss what hot sun fells like.

If thinking is not in the places where its not needed, life becomes beautiful, fresh, new as it was a thousand years back and as new as it will be the next moment.

so, do you know what honey taste. Have you ever tried putting white salt in your mouth. Oh its bitter. Remove the language. not put the salt in you mouth, and you will know what god has made for you, how salt feels like when you dissol;ve it in your mouth. What sugar feels like when it dissolve in your mouth. Most of us don't know, we followed it by saying. Its yum, its tasty. not knowing what tasty or yum is behind the scene.

Before its to late, starts to collect real god given life, live it, remove the language, it is created by us for communication among ourself. Don't let it interfire with the real life you are living. when you are talking use it. 

for example: you talk about the roses with a person. Its good to use language. you might discover a crazy vaccine if you are researching on roses and you need words to talk about it. Language is good.

But when you are alone, you should see how language interfire with the real world, and making you dull.

You see for yourself, you look at rose and you know its red, smells sweet.

Now remove the language, not because I am saying. see it. The roses. We have given this flower its name so that i can tell you the roses and you will know what flower i am talking about. If you don't know what roses is. I have to pluck it and bring it to you, or show you the picture of it,
so, we name things for our convience. 

we know now that the name roses was named by a person. so, if you remove the world what you are looking at. 

Roses are red. Red is a color. This red is the word that represent a shade of color which is as unknown as it was when we grew conscious a million year back.

You look at red color and know that red is the name given by us to something which is so sacred and unknown. when you look at red what you are looking at. 

And i am talking about just the roses, there is a whole universe which we couldn't know. A speck of dust or a leaf is enough to keep you hooked for you whole life.

When you look at a dog. Remove the man made word, what you are looking at. dog is the name given by us so that we can talk about it. My dog is cute, her dog is a bitch. 
When you are alone you look at a dog, remove the word, who is there. There is recognition because you saw the same dog yesterday. but because you saw it yestarday, it doesn't mean you know it. 
Tell me what you are looking at. Or a cat, remove the man mad word, what you are looking at.

Everything around us is as unknown as it was a million years ago. language made it known and this language made our life dull.

so, you don't have to follow the rule that you should not use the language, but when you see what how language is making you dull, it won't bother you when its not needed.
As i said, human problem can not be solve like a math problem.

When you say my life is dull, and i give you this shit that langage is making your life dull, remove it. We both are stupid.

but what we have to see is how language is making our life dull, once you see it, it will drop. You don't have to follow a rule. just see. I have pointed out for you. see for yourself. Next time you see a dog. remove the man made word, what you are looking at. 
When you say to yourself. By god, the sun is hot. You remove the language and see, what sun is hot feels like. 
Remove the language from where its not needed.(its not a rule that you have to follow, but i am pointing out something)

its just the beginng of the thinking. there are way more things.