I talked about pattern matching(comparing), anticipation and desire, this process is thinking, and thinking comes after thoughts.
thoughts are memories triggered by the object you are interacting with.(fun fact, you don't try to recall memory because you are bored, because you are bored and you are thinking  about a specific memory where you were not bored(you compare your boredom with the situations where you were not bored) So, if you think you are recalling something, you are wrong, when you try to recall, its because the connection of your memory to the object is weak and you force your mind to recall, but this recalling process is natural, you should be the master of it not otherwise. Ok coming back to the topic.)

Thinking: Fit this into you brain, thinking comes after the thought triggers and it can happen in a minute second that you might miss and see that thinking exist separately, its not. see for yourself. 

## First and foremost thing that thinking is that it translates.
you have a dry throat and you feel it.(I am feeling thirsty)
You watch yourself in the mirror and you look at your teeth, memory trigger that you are brushing(I should brush my teeth).
some common sentences are:
The water is cold. its hot outside. My stomach is hurting. Oh my god why I am thinking so much. I hate fever. Gosh, she is beautiful. Oh my god, I won the lottery. I am bad at kissing. and many thousand sentences are there in our daily life.

What is under these sentences. When you say, the sun is hot. What sun is hot feels like. When you say, the water is cold, wht cold water feels like. Has these sentences made your life dull, that you can't recall what hot sun feels like, what soft wind touching you face feel like . What the buzzing of bees feel like. What a kiss taste like.
Thinking is language, and language is stopping us to experience the real life because its the process that is needed for our survival, but this language interfere in the parts of living where its not needed.
When you are with your friend and you say to him, the sun is hot today.
and when you are alone hanging wet cloths in the wet sun, you again say, the sun is hot. Why. who are you saying it to. Because you do this, you miss what hot sun fells like.

If thinking is not in the places where its not needed, life becomes beautiful, fresh, new as it was a thousand years back and as new as it will be the next moment.

so, do you know what honey taste like. Have you ever tried putting white salt in your mouth. Oh its bitter. Remove the language. now put the salt in you mouth, and you will know what god has made for you, how salt feels like when you dissolve it in your mouth. What sugar feels like when it dissolve in your mouth. Most of us don't know, we followed it by saying. Its yum, its tasty. not knowing what tasty or yum is behind the scene.
 The moment we see that when we are by ourself we translate every experience like we do when we are with someone. The existence will become beautiful.

Before its to late, starts to collect real god given life, live it, remove the language, it is created by us for communication among ourself. Don't let it interfere with the real life you are living. when you are talking use it. 

for example: you talk about the roses with a person. Its good to use language. you might discover a crazy vaccine if you are researching on roses and you need words to talk about it. Language is good.

But when you are alone, you should see how language interfere with the real world, and making you dull.

You see for yourself, you look at rose and you know its red, smells sweet.

Now remove the language, not because I am saying. see it. The roses. We have given this flower its name so that i can tell you the roses and you will know what flower I am talking about. If you don't know what roses is. I have to pluck it and bring it to you, or show you the picture of it,
so, we name things for our convenience. In hindi we call roses as gulab and In chinese we call roses as chinte. Different culture give different names because we need to talk about this unknown beautiful thing, so we gave it a name for our convenience, but the fact remains that these roses are as unknown as it were when human became conscious.
Next time you look at anything other then you, you should know that its god's creation that we can see but couldn't know what it is.
Do, you need a break to get yourself together of you feel its stupid. I hope this made your life beautiful.

we know now that the name roses was named by a person. so, if you remove the world what you are looking at. 

Roses are red. Red is a color. This red is the word that represent a shade of color which is as unknown as it was when we grew conscious a million year back.

You look at red color and know that red is the name given by us to something which is so sacred and unknown. when you look at red what you are looking at. In hindi we choose to call it lal.

And I am talking about just the roses, there is a whole universe which we couldn't know. A speck of dust or a leaf is enough to keep you hooked for you whole life.

When you look at a dog. Remove the man made word, what you are looking at. dog is the name given by us so that we can talk about it. My dog is cute, her dog is a bitch. 
When you are alone you look at a dog, remove the word, who is there. There is recognition because you saw the same dog yesterday, but because you saw it yesterday, it doesn't mean you know it. 

Everything around us is as unknown as it was a million years ago. language made it known and this language made our life dull.

so, you don't have to follow the rule that you should not use the language, but when you see what and how language is making you dull, it won't bother you when its not needed.
As I said, human problem can not be solve like a math problem.

When you say my life is dull, and I give you this rule that "language is making your life dull, remove it." We both are stupid. 

but what we have to see is how language is making our life dull, once you see it, it will drop. You don't have to follow a rule. just see. I have pointed out for you. see for yourself. Next time you see a dog. remove the man made word, what you are looking at. 
When you say to yourself. By god, the sun is hot. You remove the language and see, what sun is hot feels like. 
Remove the language from where its not needed.(its not a rule that you have to follow, but I am pointing out something)

its just the beginning of the thinking. There is more to this "Thinking".

So, the first work of thinking is, it translates everything.